SEARCH

💢 agent: perceives environment and acts upon that environment.
💢 state: configuration of an agent.
initial state: state where agent begins.
💢 actions: a(s) is a set of actions that can be executed in a state S.

💢 transition model: description of what states results on performing an applicable action in any state
can also be thought of as a function Result(s,a)

💢 goal test: a function/way to determine whether a given state is a goal state.
💢 path cost: numerical cost

💢 node: data structure which keeps a track of a state.
	parent node (node that generated this node)
	an action
	a path cost

approach of a search problem:
	Frontier contains the initial state.

	repeat:
		if frontier node is empty no solution
		remove a node from frontier
		if node is goal state return solution
		expand node and all possible actions and the result to frontier (UNIQUE)

	💢STACK -> LIFO
		Depth First Search -> always expands on the deepest node of the frontier

	💢Queue -> FIFO
		Breadth First Search -> expand on the shallowest node of the frontier


	💢Heuristic function -> h(n) -> function which estimates how close we are to a goal.
	Greedy Best first search -> Uses only the heuristic function
	A* search -> h(n) + g(n) which uses not only heuristic but also another g(n) which is the
	number of steps I took to get there. This is useful when:
		-h(n) is admissible [never overestimates the true cost]
		-h(n) is consistent so h(n) <= h(n')


Adversarial decisions:
	💢 MiniMax algorithm:
	Max playertries to maximize the score and the min player tries to minimize the score.

	What are the components of such a game:
		S0 -> initial state
		Player-> returns what player moves in state s
		Action -> return legal move in state s
		result(s,a) -> returns the state after action a is taken in state s
		terminal(s) -> check if state s is a terminal state.
		💢 utility -> finds a numeric value for terminal state.
	But for any small game also the recursion tree is very big and going to be a problem to compute:
	solution: 💢Alpha-Beta Pruning:
		-- alpha and beta and 2 values we are supposed to keep track of. in our case the values of the best that i can do and the worst that i can do.
		-- pruning is if I have a very large search tree so I can based on alpha and beta values chose not to go in the depth of some of the trees then it is called alpha beta pruning

	💢 Depth limited Mini-max:
		Normally mini-max is depth unlimited.
		💢 evaluation function
			we need a way to find who is winning without actually reaching the terminal state.
			How good a game state happens to be.
