💢 Optimisation problems:  Chosing the best options from a set of options

💢 Local Search: search algorithms that maintains a single node and searches by moving to the neighbouring
node.
Local search comes up in problems where we need to figure out what the solution and what the goal is.
Eg: We have a grid of houses and we need to place 2 hospital with an objective such that there is a minimal distance between the hospitals and the houses

💢 State space landscape: A vertical bars represents a state our world can be in.
The height of the vertical bar represents some function/ value of that state.
We can do one of 2 things:
    find the global maximum in which case the function is called an objective function.
    find the global minimum in which case the function is caleld the cost function.

Hill climbing: go to my larger neighbour until I am larger than my both neighbours.
pseudocode:
def HillC(problem):
    current = intial state of problem
    repeat:
        neighbour = highest values neighbour of the current.
        if neighbour not better than current state:
            return current
        current = neighbour

but we will notice we will get stuck in case of local maximas.
hill climbing variants:
    steepest ascent -> choose the highest valued neighbour
    stochastic -> chose randomly from one of the higher valued neigbours
    first choice -> chose the first higher valued neighbour
    random restart -> restart the search from a random state
    local beam search -> chose k highest valued neighbours.
    
    
Simulated Annealing:
	Can be related with a physical system when heated the particles move with very high speeds but over time as it cools down it becomes calmer
	-start making more random moves in the beginning higher chance of accepting neighbors which are worse than current state (HIGH TEMP)
	- later on lower temp so less likely to accept bad neighbors
	
	pseudo code:
	
	fn simulated_annealing(problem,max):
		current = initial state of problem
		for t = 1 to max:
			T = temp(t)
			neighbour = random neighbour
			del E = how much better is than current
			if delE > 0:
				current = neighbour
			   with probability e ^ (delE/T)
		return current


Traveling salesman:
	I would like to find a route through all cities and ends up back where I start and minimize the path.
	Computational expensive
	NP complete
	Neighbouring config is defined in such a way that I connect 2 nodes which were initally not connected. 
	
Linear Programming:
	Simplex 
	Interior point
	
			
